***

### Wolf
Source: Literally A Wolf
40 ft.
Medium
+1 dex, +1 wis, -4 int
Wolves reach adulthood in around 2 years, and can live to be 6-8 years old in the wild.
Wolves have no disposition toward good or evil, but live for the pack. Thus, they tend towards lawful alignments.
You can speak Canine. Canine doesn't have a written component, as it consists of barks, growls, and howls.
There are three main kinds of wolves: grey wolves, dire wolves, and winter wolves. Along with the mundane subraces, there are also other exotic cousins of the wolf: hell hound, blink dog, death dog, drakeblood, and seal. Choose one of these subraces.
Wild Hunter
You have proficiency in the Perception and Stealth skills.
Bite
Your fanged maw is a natural weapon with the finesse property, which you can use to make bite attacks. If you hit with it, you deal piercing damage equal to 1d6 + your choice of Strength or Dexterity modifier.
Canine Build
You are quadrupedal, and do not have hands with which to hold weapons or use shields. You can hold one-handed weapons and other objects in your mouth but are unable to bite while doing so. You can perform somatic spell components using your tail and paws. Armor can be tailored into Barding to fit your form, costing 4 times as much as normal armor.
Bestial Nature
You are considered a beast instead of a humanoid.
Keen Hearing and Smell
You have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
Pack Tactics
If one of your allies is within 5 feet of you, you can use the Help action as a bonus action.
As a grey wolf, you excel at hunting within the forest.
Your Dexterity score increases by 1, and your Wisdom score increases by 1.
Your bite attack deals 2d4 piercing damage instead of 1d6 piercing damage. When you hit a creature with your bite, you can use a bonus action to force it to make a Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. The DC for this saving throw is equal to 8 + your proficiency bonus + your choice of Dexterity or Strength modifier.

***
